PlayerLifecycle integration with the EntityReservationSystem (#1315)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

# Upgrade Guide

## From `0.3.3` to `0.3.4`

### PlayerLifecycle feature module now provides an EntityId

The callback used for creating a player `EntityTemplate` has changed to provide an `EntityId` up front.

> This will be the `EntityId` the player's Entity will have after it is successfully spawned, and can be usefull for QBI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be the `EntityId` the player's Entity will have after it is successfully spawned, and can be useful when constructing QBI queries.
```

> This will be the `EntityId` the player's Entity will have after it is successfully spawned, and can be usefull for QBI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This player's Entity will have this `EntityId` after it is successfully spawned, and can be useful for defining QBI queries.
```

Reviewer 2: not sure if we should mention "can be useful for QBI" if we don't give any examples of why it's useful

Author: I think that's a little out of scope maybe for this document. Thats where the QBI guide comes in right?

Reviewer 2: Exactly, so let's not mention QBI until we have the guide

```csharp
// Previously
public static EntityTemplate Player(string workerId, byte[] args)
{
    var template = new EntityTemplate();
    // ...
    return template;
}

> PlayerLifecycleConfig.CreatePlayerEntityTemplate = FpsEntityTemplates.Player;

Reviewer: This a little confusing since this won't compile if you paste it somewhere and typically lives in another file

Author: I can leave it out if you'd like?

Reviewer: Yeah I think that's preferable. It doesn't change during the upgrade as well

// Now
public static EntityTemplate Player(EntityId entityId, string workerId, byte[] args)
{
    var template = new EntityTemplate();
    // ...
    return template;
}

PlayerLifecycleConfig.CreatePlayerEntityTemplate = FpsEntityTemplates.Player;

> ```

Reviewer 2: make this two separate snippets with clear headings outside the snippet?
